This is the functional design meeting. Okay, here's the agenda for the meeting. After the opening I am going to fulfil the role of secretary, take the meeting minutes. And we're gonna have three presentations, one from each of you. First I want to discuss the goals of this meeting. First we need to determine the user requirements. And then we're going to determine the technical functions, what is the effect of the apparatus,. And then lastly we're going to determine its working design, how exactly will it perform its functions,
The function of a remote control, as what we've been informed, is basically to send messages to the television set,. for example, switch it on, switch it off, go to this channel, go to channel nine, turn the volume up, etcetera. whether that means like we can go and decide the brightness of the screen, things like that, all the more complicated functions of menus. And we can decide if that's what we want,, if we want to include that on the remote, if that's something that would stay on the TV itself, for example. These are two examples. and you can see on the left, it's got a lot more buttons,. And then on the right, it's a lot more simpler,. And then lastly, it's just the questions that we want to consider. like what functions do we want it to include, and how simple, complex it should be?
Now we have Courtney with the functional requirements.
Okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab,. and we just we watched them and we also made them fill out a questionnaire,. Seventy five percent think they're ugly. Eighty percent want they've are willing to spend more, which is good news for us if we make it look fancier,. And we need we need it to be simple, yet it needs to be high-tech looking. So
What do you mean by the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user, like they have to press the buttons.
I I think it's like the engineering versus user,. and users don't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there, because they only use ten percent of the buttons really. And so people say that they typically lose it,. and RSI, I'm not very sure what that is.
Do we really need to provide more information on what RSI is?
Yeah, that's what my web site said,. I think that we should go with something that's more user-friendly. And also we found our team found that speech recognition is it's like an up-and-coming thing
Didn't they didn't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the TV and it would the remote would beep so if you have lost it. We could definitely include that if we wanted to.
'Kay. I didn't get a chance to complete this one, 'cause some of the tools that I was given were frustrating. We need a power source, we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional. extra functions will probably need an additional chip. power source, I figured, batteries,. Typically a remote has either two double A_s or four triple A_s, sometimes three. so a large on-off button would probably be good. extra bulb could just be for flashiness,
But the other bulb, I think, is good to just to indicate, I'm doing something, it's sort of like a reassurance.
Like that we know the battery's working. We should make it glow in the dark.
Well, should it be larger buttons in general,
I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles.
New product requirements. First it's only going to be a TV remote. So no DVD, no TiVo, no stereo. so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote. But it's becoming out-dated now, because of the Internet. Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news,. Would it just be universal for everyone, you think? Because I think even if something has large buttons, as long as they are not childishly large, like even technically. non-technically challenged people are gonna use it. so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range
We we need a like homing device.
And on the charger, just like a phone, like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger,. and if you leave your phone somewhere, you push the button to find it, and it finds th the phone beeps for you.
Well, if you have the base, you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery.
Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually.
If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled demo demographic.
It's really the people twenty five to thirty five.
And the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device, too.
Well, do we wanna include the numbers like zero through nine?
Well, we definitely need those.
And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo. We could just have the logo in yellow,. or maybe a yellow light for the keys.
If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom the base of it, just like yellow with the RR.
So we've simplified, we don't need all those play, fast-forward, rewind,. or no menu buttons. So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off, volume, mute, channel up and down, the numbers
Yeah, audi audio settings and screen settings, we need those. or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself?
I think that that's fine just for the TV.
You could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons. So we just have it like add a menu button then for the various things needed,
The ID is going to work on the components concept,. UID the user interface concept,. and you're going to do some trend watching.